okay I think I figured out the problem
with the rat fail so what we're going to
do is go ahead and fly it again and
hopefully not have any more problems
with that pitch down so there you go
baby strapped nothing ready yep
hard barely fair
stass pretty quick
a little bit
create
what else you drive
when is wreaking havoc on ya
Olivia ha so you can video nah
landing yeah yeah quickly yeah yeah go
around
want to see what a vertical capability
was kind of a pain in the ass because I
got a crosswind landing so wise good
airplane it's a lot easier to fly than
my year old fighter and the super
morning I thought Super Hornet was it I
guess my last recommendation about this
plane being too hard to fly which is
based on the center of gravity issues
now one thing at one point when you're
flying this plane one thing you want to
do is score out the foam so go ahead and
get a shot of that in here the only way
to get this plane to fly right is to
shift its center of gravity back quite a
bit by scoring out the foam on the
inside here so if you don't do this
you're not going to give center gravity
right I mean I've tried everything and
well it is what it is so how you doing
right and that is the true maiden of the
raffle